Mr. Guo, the two have checked it out
It belongs to Shen Pinting
Shen Pinting was in Gemdale yesterday
When Luce bought clothes for the old lady
Met Shen Pinting
He also took a fancy to that dress
relentless
Also slandered Luce for stealing your black and gold dragon card
I slapped him so angrily
Shen Pinting probably counted him because of this
So I found those two people
You said yesterday, right?
I checked the surveillance
It's Shen Pinting who is looking for trouble
He also bullied Lu Si together with the shopping guide.
Finally, the manager arrived.
How can Lucy be so kind?
Don't complain when this happens
Yesterday I asked him how his family's financial situation was
He didn't say a word.
Notify the personnel department to fire Shen Pingtian
Yes
How dare you come?
Why can't I come?
Never mind.
Why are you in such a hurry to leave?
I want to call those two gangsters
How do you know it wasn't you who said it?
I don't understand.
Stop pretending, you think I don't know it's you who did it
I don't know what you mean.
If you dare to mess with me again
Be careful I'll ruin you
Bitch I killed you